update doc for join command (#295)
open-cluster-management-io/clusteradm: README.md

`clusteradm init [--use-bootstrap-token]`

it returns the command line to launch on the spoke to join the hub.
> NOTE: Do not run init command against a [multicluster-controlplane](https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/multicluster-controlplane) instance. It is already an initialized hub on start. Instead, use `clusteradm get token --use-bootstrap-token` to get the join command.

### get token

Get the latest token to import a new managed cluster.

`clusteradm get token --context ${CTX_HUB_CLUSTER}`
### join

Install the agent on the spoke.

`clusteradm join --hub-token <token> --hub-apiserver <hub_apiserver_url> --cluster-name c1 [--ca-file <path-to-ca-file>] [--force-internal-endpoint-lookup]`

it returns the command line to launch on the hub the accept the spoke onboarding.

> > NOTE: While clusteradm could not fetch any CA data from given `--hub-apiserver`, then `--ca-file` flag should be set to provide a valid CA.

Reviewer: we probably add more description here. The ca data is fetch from xx secret kube-public namespace it is not set.

Author: done

> > NOTE: The `--ca-file` flag is used to provide a valid CA for hub. The ca data is fetch from cluster-info configmap in kube-public namespace of the hub cluster if it is not set, then from kube-root-ca.crt configmap in kube-public if cluster-info configmap also not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: The `--ca-file` flag is used to provide a valid CA for hub. The ca data is fetched from cluster-info configmap in kube-public namespace of the hub cluster if it is not set, then from kube-root-ca.crt configmap in kube-public namespace if the cluster-info configmap does not exist.
```

it returns the command line to launch on the spoke to join the hub.

> > NOTE: Do not run init command against a multicluster-controlplane instance. It is already a initialized hub onstart. Instead, Using `clusteradm get token --use-bootstrap-token` to get the join command

Author: done

### join

Install the agent on the spoke.

`clusteradm join --hub-token <token> --hub-apiserver <hub_apiserver_url> --cluster-name c1 [--ca-file <path-to-ca-file>] [--force-internal-endpoint-lookup]`

it returns the command line to launch on the hub the accept the spoke onboarding.

> > NOTE: While clusteradm could fetch any ca data from given `--hub-apiserver`, then `--ca-file` flag should be set.  

Reviewer 2: Not clear what do you mean. Why --ca-file should be used and in which case?

Author: done
